The entries are listed in alphabetical order in column 1, with an English translation in column 2. Column 3 gives the emotional database source (B stands for Bonin, M‚ot, et al., 2003; S stands for Syssau & Font, 2005). Although we only used words as materials, column 4 lists picture sources (when available) because we believe this information may be helpful for future studies (AF for Alario & Ferrand, 1999; B for Bonin, Peereman, et al., 2003) and column 5 gives the number originally assigned to each picture. Column 6 lists the age at which each word was rated (5, 7, or 9). In the columns reporting overall data (columns 7-33), the percentages of children who evaluated the word as negative, neutral, or positive in each age group are provided along with the percentages of the girls and boys taken separately. Note that adult emotional ratings of the full corpus of 600 French words were added (columns 34-38) to the data obtained in the present study with children. The adult ratings were taken from Syssau and Font?s norms (columns 34 to 36), and from Bonin, M‚ot, et al.?s norms (columns 37 to 38). 
To further investigate age and sex differences, we ran Chi-squared analyses on ratings for individual words. Given the number of Chi-squared tests to be carried out, we divided the sample into two halves. Analyses conducted on the first half-sample were considered as exploratory, and analyses conducted on the second half-sample were considered confirmatory. We considered only the results of Chi-squared analyses that were confirmed by both halves (i.e. p < .05 or p > .05 in the two sample halves). The results of individual word analyses are summarized in the last five columns of the database. Age effects on ratings for individual words are given in column 39 for the comparison between ages 5 and 7 and in column 40 for the comparison between ages 7 and 9. Sex effects on ratings for individual words at ages 5, 7 and 9 are shown in columns 41, 42 and 43, respectively. In all these columns, * indicates a significant effect (p < .05), NS a non-significant effect and NC a non-confirmed effect.
